README.md, before:

![Visitors](https://api.visitorbadge.io/api/visitors?path=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fdevoteamgcloud%2Fterraform-provider-looker&label=Visitors&countColor=%23d9e3f0&style=flat)
[![Open issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-raw/devoteamgcloud/terraform-provider-looker)](https://github.com/devoteamgcloud/terraform-provider-looker/issues) 
[![Latest release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/devoteamgcloud/terraform-provider-looker)](https://github.com/devoteamgcloud/terraform-provider-looker/releases/latest)

# Terraform provider for Looker

Terraform provider for [looker](https://www.looker.com/), built without dependencies on official go-sdk.
Autogenerated terraform docs available at [Looker Documentation](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/devoteamgcloud/looker/latest/docs). <br/>
Provider available at [Terraform registry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/devoteamgcloud/looker).

## License
This repository is open source, please refer to the [License](https://github.com/devoteamgcloud/terraform-provider-looker/blob/main/LICENSE) for more information.

## Getting Started & Documentation

If you're new to Terraform and want to get started creating infrastructure, please check out the Terraform official [Getting Started guides](https://learn.hashicorp.com/terraform#getting-started) on HashiCorp's learning platform. There are also [additional guides](https://learn.hashicorp.com/terraform#operations-and-development) to continue your learning.
### Use the provider
```
terraform {
  required_providers {
    looker = {
      source  = "devoteamgcloud/looker"
      version = "0.1.2"
    }
  }
}

provider "looker" {
  base_url      = "https://org.cloud.looker.com:19999/api/" # Optionally use env var LOOKER_BASE_URL
  client_id     = "xxxxxxxx"                                # Optionally use env var LOOKER_API_CLIENT_ID
  client_secret = "xxxxxxxx"                                # Optionally use env var LOOKER_API_CLIENT_SECRET
}
```

## Developing the provider

To learn more about how to contribute to the development of this provider please refer to the [community guidelines](https://github.com/devoteamgcloud/terraform-provider-looker/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).

### Build the provider locally

To build the provider locally, you need to execute following command at the root of the project.
```
make build
```
The provider will be under the /build/$VERSION folder. <br/>
Alternatively, you can manually execute the go build command as follows.
```
go build -o build/terraform-provider-looker
```
## Notes
Looker doesn't support concurrent operations on their database. That's why we are required to limit parallelism to <b>1</b> during the applying of heavy operations with multiple user creations.
Here is how to do it:
```
terraform apply -parallelism=1
```
If parallelism is not limited, the Looker API may return <B>500 exceptions</b> for heavy operations.

Commit message:

Makefile update && README.md update

README.md, after:

![Visitors](https://api.visitorbadge.io/api/visitors?path=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fdevoteamgcloud%2Fterraform-provider-looker&label=Visitors&countColor=%23d9e3f0&style=flat)
[![Open issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-raw/devoteamgcloud/terraform-provider-looker)](https://github.com/devoteamgcloud/terraform-provider-looker/issues) 
[![Latest release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/devoteamgcloud/terraform-provider-looker)](https://github.com/devoteamgcloud/terraform-provider-looker/releases/latest)

# Terraform provider for Looker

Terraform provider for [looker](https://www.looker.com/), built without dependencies on official go-sdk.
Autogenerated terraform docs available at [Looker Documentation](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/devoteamgcloud/looker/latest/docs). <br/>
Provider available at [Terraform registry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/devoteamgcloud/looker).

## License
This repository is open source, please refer to the [License](https://github.com/devoteamgcloud/terraform-provider-looker/blob/main/LICENSE) for more information.

## Getting Started & Documentation

If you're new to Terraform and want to get started creating infrastructure, please check out the Terraform official [Getting Started guides](https://learn.hashicorp.com/terraform#getting-started) on HashiCorp's learning platform. There are also [additional guides](https://learn.hashicorp.com/terraform#operations-and-development) to continue your learning.
### Use the provider
```
terraform {
  required_providers {
    looker = {
      source  = "devoteamgcloud/looker"
      version = "0.1.2"
    }
  }
}

provider "looker" {
  base_url      = "https://org.cloud.looker.com:19999/api/" # Optionally use env var LOOKER_BASE_URL
  client_id     = "xxxxxxxx"                                # Optionally use env var LOOKER_API_CLIENT_ID
  client_secret = "xxxxxxxx"                                # Optionally use env var LOOKER_API_CLIENT_SECRET
}
```

## Developing the provider

To learn more about how to contribute to the development of this provider please refer to the [community guidelines](https://github.com/devoteamgcloud/terraform-provider-looker/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).

### Makefile
The make command provides an easy way to access commands for local development of the provider.
- To build the provider locally, you can execute the make command at the root of the project.
  ```
  make build
  ```
  *Alternatively: 'go build -o terraform-provider-looker'*

- To format all the go files in the project.
  ```
  make format
  ```
  *Alternatively: 'gofmt -l -s -w .'*

- To generate documentation using the tfplugindocs plugin.
  ```
  make docs
  ```
  *Alternatively: 'go run github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs/cmd/tfplugindocs'*
## Notes
Looker doesn't support concurrent operations on their database. That's why we are required to limit parallelism to <b>1</b> during the applying of heavy operations with multiple user creations.
Here is how to do it:
```
terraform apply -parallelism=1
```
If parallelism is not limited, the Looker API may return <B>500 exceptions</b> for heavy operations.
