---
page_title: "looker_alert Resource - terraform-provider-looker"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---
# looker_alert (Resource)

## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "looker_alert" "default" {
  cron = "0 1 * * *"
  description = "A description"
  comparison_type = "GREATER_THAN_OR_EQUAL_TO"
  dashboard_element_id = 218
  destinations {
    destination_type = "EMAIL"
    email_address = "test@test.com"
  }
  field {
    title = "confirmed cases"
    name = "population_data.sum_of_population"
  }
  owner_id = 60
  treshold = 10
  is_disabled = false
  is_public = true
}
```

## Example Output
```terraform
% terraform show                                  
# looker_alert.default:
resource "looker_alert" "default" {
    comparison_type      = "GREATER_THAN_OR_EQUAL_TO"
    cron                 = "0 1 * * *"
    dashboard_element_id = "218"
    description          = "A description"
    followable           = true
    id                   = "21"
    is_disabled          = false
    is_public            = true
    owner_id             = "60"
    owner_display_name   = "Nabil Lahssini",
    treshold             = 10

    destinations {
        destination_type = "EMAIL"
        email_address    = "test@test.com"
    }

    field {
        name  = "population_data.sum_of_population"
        title = "confirmed cases"
    }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `comparison_type` (String) This property informs the check what kind of comparison we are performing. Only certain condition types are valid for time series alerts. Valid values are: "EQUAL_TO", "GREATER_THAN", "GREATER_THAN_OR_EQUAL_TO", "LESS_THAN", "LESS_THAN_OR_EQUAL_TO", "INCREASES_BY", "DECREASES_BY", "CHANGES_BY".
- `cron` (String) Vixie-Style crontab specification when to run. At minumum, it has to be longer than 15 minute intervals
- `destinations` (Block Set, Min: 1) Array of destinations to send alerts to. Must be the same type of destination. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--destinations))
- `field` (Block Set, Min: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--field))
- `treshold` (Number) Value of the alert threshold

### Optional

- `applied_dashboard_filters` (Block Set) Filters coming from the dashboard that are applied. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--applied_dashboard_filters))
- `custom_title` (String) An optional, user-defined title for the alert
- `dashboard_element_id` (String) ID of the dashboard element associated with the alert
- `description` (String) An optional description for the alert. This supplements the title
- `followable` (Boolean) Whether or not the alert is followable
- `is_disabled` (Boolean) Whether or not the alert is disabled
- `is_public` (Boolean) Whether or not the alert is public
- `owner_id` (String) User id of alert owner

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) ID of the alert
- `owner_display_name` (String) User display name of alert owner

<a id="nestedblock--destinations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `destinations`

Required:

- `destination_type` (String) Type of destination that the alert will be sent to Valid values are: "EMAIL", "ACTION_HUB".

Optional:

- `action_hub_form_params_json` (String) Action hub form params json for the 'action_hub' type
- `action_hub_integration_id` (String) Action hub integration id for the 'action_hub' type
- `email_address` (String) Email address for the 'email' type


<a id="nestedblock--field"></a>
### Nested Schema for `field`

Required:

- `name` (String) Field's name

Optional:

- `filter` (Block Set) (Optional / Advance Use) List of fields filter. This further restricts the alert to certain dashboard element's field values. This can be used on top of dashboard filters `applied_dashboard_filters`. To keep thing simple, it's suggested to just use dashboard filters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--field--filter))
- `title` (String) Field's title

<a id="nestedblock--field--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `field.filter`

Required:

- `field_name` (String)
- `field_value` (String)

Optional:

- `filter_value` (String)



<a id="nestedblock--applied_dashboard_filters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `applied_dashboard_filters`

Required:

- `field_name` (String)
- `filter_title` (String)
- `filter_value` (String)

Optional:

- `filter_description` (String)
