docs/resources/color_collection.md, before:

---
page_title: "looker_color_collection Resource - terraform-provider-looker"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---
# looker_color_collection (Resource)

## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "looker_color_collection" "collection" {
  label      = "My new collection"
  categoricalpalettes {
    label = "cat"
    colors = ["#1A73E8",
        "#12B5CB",
        "#E52592"]
  }
  sequentialpalettes {
    label = "seq"
    stops {
      color = "#FFFFFF"
      offset = "1"
    }
    stops {
      color = "#1A73E8"
      offset = "100"
    }
  }
  divergingpalettes {
    label = "div"
    stops {
      color = "#FFFFFF"
      offset = "1"
    }
    stops {
      color = "#1A73E8"
      offset = "100"
    }
  }
}
```

## Example Output
```terraform
% terraform show
# looker_color_collection.collection:
resource "looker_color_collection" "collection" {
    id    = "my-new-collection"
    label = "My new collection"

    categoricalpalettes {
        colors = [
            "#12B5CB",
            "#1A73E8",
            "#E52592",
        ]
        id     = "my-new-collection-categorical-0"
        label  = "cat"
        type   = "Categorical"
    }

    divergingpalettes {
        id    = "my-new-collection-diverging-0"
        label = "div"
        type  = "Diverging"

        stops {
            color  = "#1A73E8"
            offset = 100
        }
        stops {
            color  = "#FFFFFF"
            offset = 1
        }
    }

    sequentialpalettes {
        id    = "my-new-collection-sequential-0"
        label = "seq"
        type  = "Sequential"

        stops {
            color  = "#1A73E8"
            offset = 100
        }
        stops {
            color  = "#FFFFFF"
            offset = 1
        }
    }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `categoricalpalettes` (Block Set, Min: 1) Array of categorical palette definitions (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--categoricalpalettes))
- `divergingpalettes` (Block Set, Min: 1) Array of categorical palette definitions (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--divergingpalettes))
- `label` (String) Label of color collection
- `sequentialpalettes` (Block Set, Min: 1) Array of categorical palette definitions (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--sequentialpalettes))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) ColorCollection id

<a id="nestedblock--categoricalpalettes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `categoricalpalettes`

Required:

- `colors` (Set of String)

Optional:

- `label` (String) Label of palette
- `type` (String) Type of palette

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Unique identity string


<a id="nestedblock--divergingpalettes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `divergingpalettes`

Required:

- `stops` (Block Set, Min: 2) Array of ColorStops in the palette (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--divergingpalettes--stops))

Optional:

- `label` (String) Label for palette
- `type` (String) Type of palette

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Unique identity string

<a id="nestedblock--divergingpalettes--stops"></a>
### Nested Schema for `divergingpalettes.stops`

Required:

- `color` (String) CSS color string
- `offset` (Number) Offset in continuous palette (0 to 100)



<a id="nestedblock--sequentialpalettes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sequentialpalettes`

Required:

- `stops` (Block Set, Min: 2) Array of ColorStops in the palette (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--sequentialpalettes--stops))

Optional:

- `label` (String) Label of palette
- `type` (String) type of palette

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Unique ID of palette

<a id="nestedblock--sequentialpalettes--stops"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sequentialpalettes.stops`

Required:

- `color` (String) CSS color string
- `offset` (Number) Offset in continuous palette (0 to 100)

Commit message:

bugfix: fix color collection schema (#56)
* bugfix: fix color collection schema

* bugfix: changes set types to list types to respect declaration ordering

The Looker colour collections' mechanism uses the list order to pick which colour is displayed to the Customer next, e.g. if the collection is (red, blue, yellow, green, brown) then the mechanism starts with red for one category, then blue and so on.

docs/resources/color_collection.md, after:

---
page_title: "looker_color_collection Resource - terraform-provider-looker"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---
# looker_color_collection (Resource)

## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "looker_color_collection" "collection" {
  label      = "My new collection"
  categoricalpalettes {
    label = "cat"
    colors = ["#1A73E8",
        "#12B5CB",
        "#E52592"]
  }
  sequentialpalettes {
    label = "seq"
    stops {
      color = "#FFFFFF"
      offset = "1"
    }
    stops {
      color = "#1A73E8"
      offset = "100"
    }
  }
  divergingpalettes {
    label = "div"
    stops {
      color = "#FFFFFF"
      offset = "1"
    }
    stops {
      color = "#1A73E8"
      offset = "100"
    }
  }
}
```

## Example Output
```terraform
% terraform show
# looker_color_collection.collection:
resource "looker_color_collection" "collection" {
    id    = "my-new-collection"
    label = "My new collection"

    categoricalpalettes {
        colors = [
            "#12B5CB",
            "#1A73E8",
            "#E52592",
        ]
        id     = "my-new-collection-categorical-0"
        label  = "cat"
        type   = "Categorical"
    }

    divergingpalettes {
        id    = "my-new-collection-diverging-0"
        label = "div"
        type  = "Diverging"

        stops {
            color  = "#1A73E8"
            offset = 100
        }
        stops {
            color  = "#FFFFFF"
            offset = 1
        }
    }

    sequentialpalettes {
        id    = "my-new-collection-sequential-0"
        label = "seq"
        type  = "Sequential"

        stops {
            color  = "#1A73E8"
            offset = 100
        }
        stops {
            color  = "#FFFFFF"
            offset = 1
        }
    }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `categoricalpalettes` (Block List, Min: 1) Array of categorical palette definitions (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--categoricalpalettes))
- `divergingpalettes` (Block List, Min: 1) Array of categorical palette definitions (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--divergingpalettes))
- `label` (String) Label of color collection
- `sequentialpalettes` (Block List, Min: 1) Array of categorical palette definitions (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--sequentialpalettes))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) ColorCollection id

<a id="nestedblock--categoricalpalettes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `categoricalpalettes`

Required:

- `colors` (List of String)

Optional:

- `label` (String) Label of palette
- `type` (String) Type of palette

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Unique identity string


<a id="nestedblock--divergingpalettes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `divergingpalettes`

Required:

- `stops` (Block List, Min: 2) Array of ColorStops in the palette (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--divergingpalettes--stops))

Optional:

- `label` (String) Label for palette
- `type` (String) Type of palette

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Unique identity string

<a id="nestedblock--divergingpalettes--stops"></a>
### Nested Schema for `divergingpalettes.stops`

Required:

- `color` (String) CSS color string
- `offset` (Number) Offset in continuous palette (0 to 100)



<a id="nestedblock--sequentialpalettes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sequentialpalettes`

Required:

- `stops` (Block List, Min: 2) Array of ColorStops in the palette (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--sequentialpalettes--stops))

Optional:

- `label` (String) Label of palette
- `type` (String) type of palette

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Unique ID of palette

<a id="nestedblock--sequentialpalettes--stops"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sequentialpalettes.stops`

Required:

- `color` (String) CSS color string
- `offset` (Number) Offset in continuous palette (0 to 100)
