docs/resources/project_git_repo.md, before:

---
page_title: "looker_project_git_repo Resource - terraform-provider-looker"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---
# looker_project_git_repo (Resource)

## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "looker_project_git_repo" "myrepo-project" {
  project_id       = "project-id"
  git_remote_url   = "git@github.com:workspace/repo.git"
  git_service_name = "github"
}
```

## Example Output
```terraform
# looker_project_git_repo.myrepo-project:
resource "looker_project_git_repo" "myrepo-project" {
  id                         = "-"
  project_id                 = "project-id"
  git_remote_url             = "git@github.com:workspace/repo.git"
  git_service_name           = "github"
  is_example                 = false
  allow_warnings             = true
  validation_required        = false
  pull_request_mode          = "off"
  git_production_branch_name = "main"
  use_git_cookie_auth        = false
  git_username               = "username"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `git_remote_url` (String)
- `git_service_name` (String) Name of the git service provider
- `project_id` (String)

### Optional

- `allow_warnings` (Boolean)
- `deploy_branch` (String) Branch which will be deployed to Production after creation of Project Resource. Required: Advanced Deploy Mode.
- `deploy_secret` (String) Secret Value for Authentication Webhook
- `git_production_branch_name` (String) Git production branch name. Defaults to ~~master~~ main. Supported only in Looker 21.0 and higher.
- `git_release_mgmt_enabled` (Boolean) Advanced Deploy Mode - Required for Webhook
- `git_username` (String)
- `is_example` (Boolean)
- `pull_request_mode` (String) The git pull request policy for this project. Valid values are: `off`, `links`, `recommended`, `required`.
- `use_git_cookie_auth` (Boolean) If true, the project uses a git cookie for authentication.
- `validation_required` (Boolean)

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

Commit message:

Added alternative way of authorization Git Project - HTTPS (using git_username and git_password)

docs/resources/project_git_repo.md, after:

---
page_title: "looker_project_git_repo Resource - terraform-provider-looker"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---
# looker_project_git_repo (Resource)

## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "looker_project_git_repo" "myrepo-project" {
  project_id       = "project-id"
  git_remote_url   = "git@github.com:workspace/repo.git"
  git_service_name = "github"
}
```

## Example Output
```terraform
# looker_project_git_repo.myrepo-project:
resource "looker_project_git_repo" "myrepo-project" {
  id                         = "-"
  project_id                 = "project-id"
  git_remote_url             = "git@github.com:workspace/repo.git"
  git_service_name           = "github"
  is_example                 = false
  allow_warnings             = true
  validation_required        = false
  pull_request_mode          = "off"
  git_production_branch_name = "main"
  use_git_cookie_auth        = false
  git_username               = "username"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `git_remote_url` (String)
- `git_service_name` (String) Name of the git service provider
- `project_id` (String)

### Optional

- `allow_warnings` (Boolean)
- `deploy_branch` (String) Branch which will be deployed to Production after creation of Project Resource. Required: Advanced Deploy Mode.
- `deploy_secret` (String) Secret Value for Authentication Webhook
- `git_production_branch_name` (String) Git production branch name. Defaults to ~~master~~ main. Supported only in Looker 21.0 and higher.
- `git_release_mgmt_enabled` (Boolean) Advanced Deploy Mode - Required for Webhook
- `git_username` (String) Git username for HTTPS authentication. For SSH authentication skip this option and create project_git_deploy_key resource.
- `git_password` (String) Git password for HTTPS authentication. For SSH authentication skip this option and create project_git_deploy_key resource.
- `is_example` (Boolean)
- `pull_request_mode` (String) The git pull request policy for this project. Valid values are: `off`, `links`, `recommended`, `required`.
- `use_git_cookie_auth` (Boolean) If true, the project uses a git cookie for authentication.
- `validation_required` (Boolean)

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
